---
date: 2018-03-29 6pm
---
**Present**

Angus Shaw, Cameron Sharp, Cathal Lynam, Caterina Mrose, Dylan Oshima, Elena Lape, Elizabeth Bell, Findlay Smith, Ginte Petrulionyte, Joao Maio, Likhita Sai, Lorenzo Martinico, Rikki &quot;Teh Numbers Guy&quot;, Rokas Gudaviƒçius, Qais Patankar, Viktorija Lukosiute

**Committee roles explanation**

- President
- Vice-President
- Secretary
- Treasurer
- Social Secretary

**SIGs explanation**

- LATG
  - Law and Technology Group
  - Recently hosted popular Robotics &amp; Gin &amp; Tonics event
  - Current committee remaining for next year
- SIGCoin
  - Blockchain &amp; Cryptocurrency
  - Working to get started at the moment - communicating with lecturers
- SIGnet
  - (Computer) Networking
  - Only had monthly meetings so far, but looking to have public events soon
- SIGWeb
  - Maintaining the website
  - Running events (not much of recently, more in future)
  - Has been dead for a while
  - Harry and Will are only points of contact
  - Disband it
    - Points for
      - It&#39;s a dead society
      - Need the cobwebs shaken out
      - They&#39;ve had final warnings before
    - Points against
      - Unnecessary bureaucracy
      - Will probably just be established again
  - Give them a hard deadline to sort themselves out by

**Fresher&#39;s Week**

- Typical events
  - Monday - games night
  - Tuesday - Arthur&#39;s Seat climb
  - Wednesday - pub crawl
    - Staff have come in previous years - freshers won&#39;t know them though
    - Check for overlap with similar societies (MathSoc, PhysSoc)
    - Collaboration, but not in Fresher&#39;s
    - Book pubs 3 weeks in advance
  - Saturday - capture the flag
- Get banners for Societies Fair
  - Banners for SIGs too
- SIGCoin
  - More academic events - perhaps schedule after Fresher&#39;s

**Motions**

- Committee meeting should be advertised more in advance
  - Members (not committee members) should be encouraged to go along
  - Minutes should be public
- SIG leaders be added to committee chats
  - Current chat is for &quot;core&quot; events
  - Recently removed from chat
  - Up to new committee to decide
- End of year barbecue
  - 25th May (last day of exams)
  - Not allowed to have on Inf Forum roof (without catering)
  - Meadows barbecue
  - Large end-of-year event - old &amp; new committee, along with SIGs
  - What type of barbecue to use?
    - Big ones - are they allowed?
    - Small ones - too small?
  - Rent or buy?
    - Rent from Meadows Share?
- TechSec
  - Establish subcommittee for managing various different services
  - SIGDev?
- Fresher&#39;s Rep projects
  - Current - CinemAI
    - Two events so far
    - First one was more popular than second
- CogSciSoc
  - Currently struggling
  - Could they be a SIG?
  - Elena will get in touch
