---
date: 2018-03-07 11am
---

**Present**

Angus Shaw, Ginte Petrulionyte, Qais Patankar, Viktorija Lukosiute, Elena Lape

**Annual Report**
- To do by March 16th
- Consists of:
  - List of events
    - Completed by Angus
  - Each member’s participation/role

**Financial Report**

To do March 16th, Vik will complete

**Constitutional Amendments**
- Controversial points
  - Nonstudents can’t be on the committee
  - Nonstudents can’t vote
  - We will update constitution with templates but leave out the above roles until we hear more from the campaign against them
- Renaming the full name
  - Currently “University of Edinburgh Computing and Artificial Intelligence Society”
  - Possibly: “University of Edinburgh Technology Society”
    - Covers a wider range and more representative of all the different activities and SIGs
    - Other Tech Societies around the UK
    - Wider umbrella
    - Bring this up at the AGM

**AGM preparation**
- List of issues
  - Includes aforementioned naming issue
  - Qais will complete
- More committee roles?
  - Possibly not enough applicants
  - Last year’s AGM only had slightly more applicants than rules
  - Social media secretary/organiser
  - Designated photographer
- Possibly recruit Helpers throughout the year
  - Onboarding process
  - Opt-in/out when signing up for membership?
  - Would result in more possible committee applicants
- Define the committee roles more
  - Move SIG management to Secretary?
  - Encourage year reps to hold coursework nights
  
**Ball organisation**
- Meant to be organised by Social Sec this year, but didn’t work out
- Currently organised by committee including several members
- Create a BallSec position?
  - Don’t call it BallSec though
  - Recruit someone dedicated for the role who would have the year to organise it
- Make the ball a joint project for year reps?
  - Possible issue of not having an obvious leader

**Cancelled STMU**
- Reschedule in March?
  - Reschedule, but brand it as simply talks
  - Can still have pizza

**Hoodie orders**
- Waiting for 3 people to get back	
  - Will ping on Facebook
- Also 2 orders that don’t seem to clash

**End of year barbecue**
- Held on the last day of exams
- Angus can organise
  - Contact Neil Heatley for booking Forum roof

